docs: add content for remote registry (#252)
oras-project/oras-www: docs/how_to_guides/distributing_to_remote_registries.mdx

---
title: Distributing to Remote Registries
sidebar_position: 8
---

# Distributing OCI Artifacts to Remote Registries

## Authentication

Before pushing or pulling OCI Artifacts from a remote registry, 

> we need to authenticate ourselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we need to authenticate with the registry.
```

We can do so using the [`oras login`](../commands/oras_login.mdx) command.

We will be using [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/) as our example of a remote registry.

## Distribution of OCI artifacts

### Step 1: Create a sample file

```
echo "hello world" > artifact.txt
```

### Step 2: Push an artifact

You may refer to [`oras push`](../commands/oras_blob_push.mdx) for more details on which flags to use.

```bash
oras push docker.io/username/repository-name:v1 artifact.txt
```

```
Exists    a948904f2f0f artifact.txt
Pushed [registry] docker.io/username/repository-name:v1
Digest: sha256:528a33beb57f9e890c632178ef7c3ccbf89ee63fa06f050912f5b1acf56739ec
```

### Step 3: Pull the artifact

> Let's now use [`oras pull`](../commands/oras_pull.mdx) to pull the artifact we have pushed in the pervious step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's now use [`oras pull`](../commands/oras_pull.mdx) to pull the artifact we pushed in the previous step.
```

```
oras pull docker.io/username/repository-name:v1
```

```
Downloading a948904f2f0f artifact.txt
Downloaded  a948904f2f0f artifact.txt
Pulled [registry] docker.io/username/repository-name:v1
Digest: sha256:da9ed51a16f156b12c108f0fbc14f2e9e2f02b4f77434a1a44593d0da071c809
```

> ## View referrers 

Reviewer: Docker Hub doesn't support attaching referrers at this moment. So you will not be able to use `oras attach` to attach an artifact to the image in Docker Hub. So there is no meaning to view referrers here as you can find the result `Discovered 0 artifact referencing v1` below.

Reviewer: My suggestion is to use ghcr.io (GitHub Container Registry) to replace Docker Hub in this doc.
